CREATING A HABITABLE ENVIRONMENT
Humans have many basic needs and one of them is to have an environment that can sustain their lives .
Our current population is 6 billion people and it is still growing exponentially .
This will , if not already , caused problems as there are very limited spaces***space for us .
The solution can be obtain by using technology to achieve a better usage of space that we have and resolve the problems in lands that inhospitable such as desserts and swamps .
Some countries are having difficulties in managing a place to live for their citizen***citizens as they tend to get overpopulated .
This caused problem***problems like the appearance of slums which most of the time is not safe due to the unhealthy environment .
The only way to satisfy the increasing demands of space is by achieving a better usage of the land like designing taller building so it can accommodate more number of people with the same spaces .
It is also important to create a better material that can support the buildings despite any natural disaster***disasters like earthquakes .
A good example is Japan where there are a lot of tall condominiums despite the large number of earthquakes happening in there .
( 2008 ) .
But nonetheless , countries that that are already dealing with the problem of aging population had identified the limitations of the policies that are implemented .
This will allow additional financial inputs***iinput for the country to tap upon to provide greater welfare benefits for its citizens .
Arguments presented for the ban on the the use of surveillance technology to track individuals are totally flawed .
Psychology and design processes .
Mansilla , ( 2008 ) .
Also , policies are implemented in attempt***attempts to dissolve current concerns .
Thus , it not only eliminates danger for those elderly people , but also reduces the worrying time and effort for their families .
History.com .
3 ( Jan. , 1995 ) , pp .
Retrieved October 2 , 2009 , from { www.nucleartourist.com/basics/environl.htm } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.nucleartourist.com/basics/environl.htm ]
The high start up costs can not outweigh the detrimental effects on the Earth by greenhouse gases .
Firstly , in terms of pension , the government 's regulations always determine the amount of pension given to a person by how much he or she has contributed to the society .
This is to make sure the risk of operating operating nuclear power plants can be minimized tremendously .
However , even if there are several advantages for the use of VHTR , a number of disadvantages are still present in Generation IV reactors .
It is veracity that engineers are those who are playing crucial role in the society while the world is expanding unremittingly .
Japan is one good example that uses this measure successfully .
However , public spending on the aged should not take a backseat .
Unless the blood supply restores , part of the brain cells will die and this will cause irreversible permanent brain damage .
In conclusion , Singapore has to move away from its current mindset and practices in order to succeed in coming up with engineering design processes for innovations .
One of the most heated objections is that the cause of error actually lies in the technical malfunctioning of the relief valve , not out of the lack of safety considerations ( U.S.NRC ) .
An Ethical Framework for Biological Samples Policy ( Commissioned Paper ) .
Sobel , R. , & Bursztajn , H. J .
Furthermore , immigrants who set up businesses or companies in Singapore would create more job vacancies .
The word 'Surveillance ' originally came from France where it means 'to watch over ' in French .
Discovery and Development of Penicillin .
Genetic testing is generally used to test for any diseases that arise due to gene mutation .
Substantial replacement of fossil fuels would result in substantial decline in global warming and greenhouses gases .
While most of the events appeared to be non-significant , there are some where people actually get ideas from it .
Idaho National Laboratory .
Singapore has been very reliant on neighboring countries such as Malaysia in supplying us with water .
As age increases , chronic illnesses inevitably rise alongside and the burden of medical cost may simply be too much for one to bear .
Public spending on the aged should fluctuate according to the composition of the old-aged citizens within the population of Singapore .
The budget would most likely take an aggressive and long term approach to reduce costs , assist businesses and help Singaporeans overcome the current situation in order to be in the pink of economic health again .
For those countries with aging process , the biggest problem they have to face is the number of labors who can work and create values keeps on shrinking ( A Touch of Gray , 2002 ) .
The popularity of Usenet was due to the fact that it was inexpensive and provided semi-anonymous communication through which people could share their ideas .
When people find out about the test , knowing them might have the genes , the stress level will increases in turn their health will be affected .
The team from FASE will have to seek approval from different agencies which are often very time-consuming .
( 2008 , June,28th ) Ageing population may hurt Singapore most The Straits Times .
8 .
If the incentives work , there will be more youths in the future , this will help to ease the financial burden of the elderly .
( 1986 ) .
These children then resort to manual labour .
Retrieved September 12 , 2009 , from http : //www.actionbioscience.org/genomic/glenn2.html
The estimated cost of building a 100MWE prototype of Lead cooled fast reactor in the U.S. is between $ 400- $ 700 million .
Toshiba 's laptop is often known as a skunk work innovation whereas Microsoft 's , as a conventionally created product .
For instance , the installment of Closed-Circuit Television ( CCTV ) in the multi-storey parking lots of a building will enable the security guards to monitor the situation and to pick up on suspicious behavior .
In this way , focusing on growing the country 's economy to help to support the aged seems to be wise .
People are actually being observed from a distance by these*** surveillance technology equipments***equipment such as CCTV cameras and GPS tracking devices or being tracked by the means of microchip , a RFID device which using radio waves .
For example , Research and Development in pharmaceutical***pharmaceuticals is particularly important as the creation of new drugs will help in the advancement of medical and clinical studies .
Some of the policies that are implemented are simply not effective because they are not fully exploited by the elderly population in Singapore .
Individuals do not see the values***value in retaining these older populations in workforce .
The next factor contributing to the aging phenomenon is is the declining of birth rates as people tend to have lesser kids than the previous years .
In conclusion , adopting psychology does have benefits in the initial phase , as it reduces accidents arise from design errors .
One can see that engineers play a crucial role in delivering professional health service needed for a patient .
This development came as a result of people 's demand demand for more convenient photo-taking techniques .
Meanwhile there is an urgent need to protect older workers nowadays since many employers still have the mindset that mature workers have outlived their productivity .
They have the plan to build a power house in the air space because it is easier to get more solar energy and convert them in to electricity in a better efficiency .
Between the two categories , there are similarities such as achieving the aim of improving quality of life and numerous trials needed to be done before it is successful as well as differences like how this technology came about and the acceptance of the technology by other people .
However , nuclear countries should only encourage research on nuclear energy production for peaceful purposes .
Another claim of the supporters is that the new generation would reduce the green house effect , which is worsened by the smoke of the traditional coal-fired power plants .
Before a new drug reaching to its commercialization stage , it must undergo a long period of time for testing to prove its effectiveness and safety .
Therefore , creating a barrier-free environment is necessary to cater to the needs of the elderly .
References :
An elderly is an irreplaceable and valuable source of asset that acts like glue which holds families together .
Experiment classes , which aim to help students develop their applying and innovative ability , are often deleted from the schedule or are conducted without experimental materials .
That 's why people should make further research and development on the Supercritical-water-cooled reactors ( SCWR ) which will be one of our future electricity fuels .
As we can see more elderly people retire from the work field field in their retirement age and this cause the lacking of productivity in the workforce as well as labour shortage .
As such , many critics tend to argue that the role for psychology in engineering design is insignificant .
Thus , the Singapore government has provided a safety-net in which the aged can fall back on while diverting money to other areas of development .
Funds could be better allocated in order to not neglect important areas .
Retrieved October 9 , 2009 , from World Nuclear Association Web site : http : //www.world- nuclear.org/info/inf06.html
In addition , there is a robotic suit that reads brain signals and helps people with mobility problem ( The " NursingTimes " , Robotic Suit Aims to Aid Mobility in the Elderly , 2009 ) launching in Japan, .
If confirmed as the carrier of a particular genetic mutation or having increased risk of developing an inherited disease , those unfortunate subjects are not only instantaneously overwhelmed by negative emotions but also subjected to distress and burdensome in considering the consequences of their health conditions on their family members .
In the last few years , engineers had indeed innovatively managed and minimized water deficit in many countries by conveying solution ideas into engineering designed products and systems .
Firstly , the supercritical water reactor is not only very high thermal efficient but also quite economical .
Besides the serious occasions of heart malfunctioning , pacemaker can also help regulate the heart beat when the patient is performing certain activities , such as exercising and sleeping .
This will in turn generate more economical benefits for the companies .
Secondly , the government has come out with various policies to ease the aging process .
Factors which had attracted the MNCs to do business here is tranquillity and corruption- free government .
Genes that are responsible for inheritable diseases have since been identified .
Digital Grandparents , Science Daily .
Consequently , Youtube was faced with much criticism from the web community but it dealt with this problem promptly via introducing its content censorship policy .
Adopting other solutions to reduce the effects of an aging population , such as extending the working lives of the elderly , may also require the government 's spending to provide incentives for them to work longer .
The government has to concern about this issue , so the further impact would not happen in the future .
Instead of discovering and solving problems around them , they tend to avoid them and wait for someone to solve it .
A defected genes carrier can only determine whether he or she have a genetic disease by running a genetic test .
( 2004 ) , not only does low to moderate doses of ionizing radiation are not harmful , it stimulates the immune system and check oxidation of DNA through a process known as " radiation hormesis " , preventing cancer too .
NASA history division .
These tools are suitable for the old and they are quite popular among the old .
Hence , both the technologies are developed in a laboratory environment with sufficient equipments***equipment for their testing and both requires extra steps even after discovering the correct method of making the technology .
5 .
Journal of Nuclear Materials Nuclear fuels Present and future , 389 , 1-22 .
But , the abovementioned argument only considered short term effect***effects while they did n't pay attention to the long term impact .
In addition , countries like Singapore has started to tackle aging problems where government is getting companies to rehire workers aged 62 .
QuietCare uses an " average of five to seven " sensors to monitor movement within the elderly home ( 8 ) .
Retrieved November 2 , 2007,from http : //news.softpedia.com/news/Better-Computers-are- Needed-to-run-the-Nuclear-Reactors-69850.shtml
Engineering design process b ) Wikipedia .
This is because an engineering design involves a series of complicated steps such as drafting outline , analysis and problem-solving as well as product implementation and the final testing of the product before being shipped to the market .
These products are produced only after long and complicated designing process .
This may sound good and interesting but with the current economic status , there is less economic growth , tougher choices needed to be made to cope with the demand of the society .
However , these current government policies have not helped to ease ease the ageing process .
Moreover the sodium-cooled technique was started to use since the year 1951 .
EntrepriseOne .
The big danger hidden in nuclear power plant also makes it as a target for those who want to destroy .
U.S. Commercial Service ( 2008 , May ) Retrieved September 4 , 2009 , from www.buyusa.gov/auto/singapore.pdf
For a similar situation overseas , the problems are likely to draw more attention .
Furthermore , the phase II ( Block II ) project was cancelled .
Retrieved on September 13 2009 , from http : //www.microsoft.com/industry/healthcare/providers/businessvalue/houseca lls/rfid.mspx
It is most likely that technology will continue to play an essential role in almost all men 's lives .
It was observed that the main contractors wanted to avoid troubles and further expenses for rectifications of minor faults , and hence resulted in the negligence .
In conclusion , individuals should be obligated to inform their relatives of the genetic testing results as they can provide support for each other to overcome the illness more effectively .
Higher operating temperatures means that VHTR can produce 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuel compared to existing reactors and it can be used to produce Hydrogen which holds much potential as a fuel of the future .
As robotic surgery is a new medical technology , most patients may not be familiar with it .
Retrived October 12 , 2009 , from { http : //root-cause-analysis.info/2009/06/04/eschede-train-derailment } [ HYPERLINK : http : //root-cause-analysis.info/2009/06/04/eschede-train-derailment ]
In Diffusion of innovations ( pp.87-89 ) .
income during that period of 'learning' .
References :
Public spending on the aged is favorable , but other areas of the country 's development should not be compromised as the resources are limited .
In conclusion , engineers today now shoulder the responsibility of striking a balance between man and nature .
A report released by the Government Accountability Office even mentioned that it is critical of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) , finding that it has not increased standards enough to ensure plants are genuinely secure , but only as much as industry officials believed was necessary .
The carrier of a known genetic risk should to tell his or her relatives to inform them of the health implications , to gain emotional support and to adhere to the ethical and legal obligations .
This is due to the fact that genetic testing can reveal possible high-risk diseases the individual may develop .
We can see how urgent these equatorial nations need nuclear power and not not solar energy .
Thus , invest money in education is important , relevant and important .
East Sussex : Waylands .
( Chia , 2001 ) This programme provides tax subsidies and grants to companies who re-trains older workers to help them be re-deployed effectively and to remain gainfully employed .
The main problem of the team in skunkworks environment is the financial problem as mentioned earlier .
After this production , many other rival brands follow suit .
In addition , the previous technology it is based on may have already gained reputations , hence the majority of people will support the R&D process and the process is always under observation .
Second , the elders will be the ones contributing the most in the near future .
Retrieved September 13 , 2009 , from http : //app.stb.gov.sg/Data/pages/12/b53b3a3d6ab90ce0268229151c9bde11/annual_ report_2007.pdf
However the government may have to consider limiting it .
Therefore , for the sole purpose of tracking , this sacrifice is not needed .
It is engineers ' job to apply their creative energies in designing a solution which meets humans ' need***needs .
The VHTR operates at about 1000 Celsius degree***degrees which is enough to produce hydrogen .
Specifically , the demands of users , the economic concerns of users and the wide range of users are significant factors that shape the invention .
Number of Elderly People Increasing .
Furthermore , leaded petrol has been commonly used by the cars*** consumers in the past .
References :
Those tests were not done in a day or month .
Had he been warned by the ringing alarm of a proximity sensor , he would have gotten enough time to respond and not panic when the impending collision was apparent .
Safety can be slightly improved through software tweaking , advising the user to take a rest or stop the activity when he seems unfit by the analysis of the console .
Since the birth of car***cars at the end of last century , its development has gone through ups and downs over the last one hundred years .
Money is spent to adopt the change to meet the current technology .
Thus , it is crucial that they have their own jobs , own income , in order to support themselves .
Thus we must not limit public spending on the aged as it is a arising prevailing problem .
The increasing size and complexity of modern systems means that there are more more opportunities for human errors to creep in .
It is unlikely that reforms can eliminate the problems entirely , but they may serve to lessen the impact of these trends .
The simplified safety features do not rely on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators CITATION Nuc04 \ l 1033 ( Nuclear Power 's New Dawn , 2004 ) .
Working adults , who are already putting too much focus on their career rather than on family planning , tend to postpone their child bearing plans even further .
But , the aging problem may be exaggerated , due to a variety of reasons .
As the living conditions improve and technology advances , people are able to lead a healthier lifestyle and live longer as compared to the past .
Bernhard W. , 2006 .
As we can see , the aging process is not slowing down .
These elderly were once the people who had helped in building up the nation and the government should show their compassion and care for this vulnerable group by not restricting public spending on them .
First comes the improper education model in China .
For example , the Data Data Protection Directive and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive had been set up in Europe to provide security for privacy and data security .
The Generation-IV Economic , Safe and Proliferation Resistant Future Nuclear
This indirectly affects the design process because most new technologies require a lot of takers in the initial stages for it to become a success .
Robert J. Latino .
Fourthly , advancements in medicine have significantly increased the life expectancy of mankind .
By understanding psychology one would be able to enhance his or her thinking style and creativity , therefore would be able to come up with a better solution***solutions during the design process .
From my point of view , I agree with the continuous research and development on the Very-High-Temperature-Reactor ( VHTR ) , which is one of the generation IV concepts , because it is the technology that brings us solution***solutions .
In October 2007 , UD was added to the BFA to provide a more complete set of guidelines for design in buildings .
Final Say of the Genetic Testing
As fossil fuels and natural gas are depleting quickly , nuclear energy has emerged as a vital and strategic energy source in the world 's future energy supply market .
References :
" Miscommunications in Air Traffic Control .
The Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) ( January , 2007 ) , Neclear Energy : Fuel of the Future ?
One of the policies that had been introduced is the housing policy***policies such as lift upgrading , elderly fitness corner and studio apartments .
These strategies prove that that instead of spending much money on supporting the aged , government can seek for another alternatives to reduce the burden .
Retrieved from { http : //app.mcys.gov.sg/web/faml_supfaml_tribunalmainten.asp } [ HYPERLINK : http : //app.mcys.gov.sg/web/faml_supfaml_tribunalmainten.asp ]
To prevent enemies from tapping on their communications or disrupting their signals , technology such as " anti-jamming " was developed by the military .
According to Teri Ehresman , VHTR VHTR is able to retain " the desirable safety characteristics offered by modular high-temperature gas-cooled reactors " ( Ehresman , 2009 ) .
This is primarily due to the fear of privacy invasion , dehumanization , and the social impact of mass surveillance after putting such technology in place .
1 .
One of which is to emphasize the importance of filial piety among the younger generations of our society .
In other words , the governemnt take into account of the collapse of the automobile and oil industry***industries and the consequences that will ensue , such as loss of jobs , increase in unemployment .
Every country has its own strategies in development depending on its current situation .
Thus , to cater to the needs of the older population , which may also be the largest group of people within the country in the future , it is best not to limit the amount .
Should we hold back the aid for the aged who had contributed to the country 's success ?
This was definitely not possible in the past .
Retrieved October 29 , 2009 from Nature Publishing Group database .
Retrieved October 03 , 2009 , from { http : //world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.html } [ HYPERLINK : http : //world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.html ]
Unlike coal , nuclear energy uses the fission of atoms to generate electricity .
As quoted by E.M ROGERS in " THE GENERATION OF INNOVATIONS " : " The innovation-development process often begins with recognition of a problem or need .
However , besides focusing on the improvement***improvements of a new design , one should also pay attention to the possible tradeoffs .
One important technology which was shaped by a specific group of users is electric vehicles , which had been shaped by four different factors that are technical , economic factors , social , and political changes .
First , the sandwiched generation that is expected to take care of their children and their aging parents and on top of that to manage the increasing standard of living .
Hydrogen fuel cell cars must have a practical way of emitting water as its waste .
In comparision , nowadays electronic dictronary***dictionaries are much more multi-functional .
Ramps are also built for those wheelchair bound so that they can go in and out of the building without any help .
Singapore has implemented the retirement pension scheme Central Provident Fund that allow elderly to fund for their retirement right from the start of their working life .
Retrieved 16 September , 2009 , from { http : //www.ncpa.org/pdfs/st247.pdf } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.ncpa.org/pdfs/st247.pdf ]
Firstly , the SCWR design concept is one that requires lower cost for development .
Hence , we can notice that the housing needs as well as the financial needs of elderly have been effectively tackled by various public policies .
Hence , it seemed that the technological deficiency was essentially the cause of the accident , as argued by Robert E. ( 1997 ) .
Design process places a very high demand on the creativity of the engineers involved , which is closely related to the thinking ability .
Limiting the public spending will make it harder for them to live through , especially for those old people who have no children and in poor physical condition .
This was not very popular among the user***users as it will affect the durability of the machines .
Its aim is to find out the unknown scientific questions and for military use .
It is more important to pay attention to other trends and characteristics of aging population in order to solve this problem it in some other ways .
However , before 1920s none knew what the credit card was .
RINF news .
This scheme allows parents to get the court 's help to seek financial support from their children who are capable of supporting them , but are not doing so .
This exploitation of natural resources will result in a shortage of energy in the next few decades .
Furthermore , the nuclear plant produces produces a large amount of waste ( 12,000 tonnes ) , thus disposal became an issue ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
Therefore , further research and development funding is very important to refine the safety , efficiency and costs of the lead-cooled fast reactors .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from New Needs : http : //www.xinxuyao.com/elderly/focus/2008031413654.shtml
Nobody expected it .
This proves that the government 's promotion of a longer working life have effectively influenced the mindset and convinced the older population to contribute to the workforce for a longer period of time .
Ice from mountains or snowy areas were transported to warmer regions where it was wrapped in cloth and placed in cellas .
Technology innovation is significant to the world .
Up until now , the social policies toward the age 's rights always draw a great deal of attention from the community because of the vulnerability of this special part of the population .
Otherwise , no matter how much food can be harvested , many people will still suffer starvation .
The aid from a psychologist in this aspect is limited as it deals with technical equipment and the views of psychology design can not be implemented in this field .
Electronic References .
Hence , more people are accepting the usage of nuclear energy .
( 1996 ) .
5 .
First and foremost , education system in China is not conducive enough to cultivate students ' ability of innovation .
As a result of the impulsive atmosphere , Chinese government focused too much on economic development but input too little on technological research .
HDB InfoWeb : Overview of CPF Housing Grant Scheme .
( Connective Tissue Disorder Site ) Thus , it has become a personal responsibility of the carrier to inform the family members of such risk in order for early medical intervention to save the lives of his or her loved ones .
Thus , surveillance technology should be deployed to monitor people , especially the terrorists .
This global aging is also starting to intrude some developing nations such as Malaysia and Thailand .
Nuclear energy is the kind of energy released by the splitting or merging together of the nuclei of atoms .
From past experiences on nuclear power plants , memories of accidents of partial reactor meltdown in 1979 and explosion of reactor core in 1986 would only cause the public to be more sceptical towards them .
Firstly , the ethical aspect of privacy and confidentiality , need to be preserved .
This has again proved the point that I have proved before .
The limitation in public spending on the elderly may cause family members and individuals shoulder a bigger responsibility in taking care of the elderly .
Many people focus on working instead of studying , therefore literacy rate was not high .
Secondly , individuals can receive better family support and further harm can be prevented .
In other word , if we can clear all the human factors of the accident , would the accident be prevented ?
NUCLEAR ENERGY - THE FUTURE AHEAD
However in this case tracking device although invasive to a person 's privacy served a good cause to ensure the safety of the general population .
When the improvement***improvements of the new design is unable to compensate thelimitation***limitations , designers should abandon the design .
By tracking a suspect whereabouts or eavesdropping his or hers conversation , we might be invading his or hers privacy , however , if we can prevent another September 11 incident from re- occurring , I believe everyone would agree to it .
3 ( Fall 2001 ) : 66 .
The PocketViewer is a portable solution for older people to read , write and see , it use a miniature video camera transfers and enlarges the text and images from a page to the screen [ 7 ] .
In conclusion , both vaccine and penicillin discovery are regarded as meaningful improvements in the field of medicine .
Firstly , greater productivity should be encouraged with the younger generation to be cost-efficient and productive .
In conclusion , elderly depression problems are becoming less severe with the help of psychological consultation and treatment , life-long learning has been promoted by psychological development to equip the elderly better for employment , and ageism is somewhat eliminated by correct psychological perspective .
Nuclear Energy & Society .
Yet , one should be constantly aware and confident of the actualization of technology 's development for a promising future on account from the past .
From an article by Bernhard Wilpert from Technical University of Berlin , Germany we can see that if we apply psychology in design process of the nuclear reactors , the disaster might not happen .
Hence , in this case , SMRT observed the good response from the other countries that implemented this form of transport , and decided to try out the transport in Singapore .
Nuclear energy , like all other alternative energies , produces no air pollutants or greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide , sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides during its daily operations .
YUCCA MOUNTAIN : Waste site critics see opening Obama 's victory might keep repository out of state ( para 7 and 8 ) .
Retrieved October 20 , 2009 from http : //www.iaea.org/inisnkm/nkm/aws/htgr/fulltext/17036719.pdf
Chinese engineers are not short of fantastic innovating ideas but market .
" In Singapore , factors such as a relatively low birth rate and high-quality health care , which helps people live longer , contribute to the ageing population .
But the most interesting part of innovation of technologies often turns out to be the set of events/situations which leads to the innovation .
Thus in the course of engineering design , one usually needs lots of money for getting pertinent information and testing and implementing the solution .
Air pollutants from industrial sources made up to more than half of man-made emission***emissions .
We do not deny that the elderly have their values .
Global warming has been linked to the more frequent occurrence of natural disasters .
( 2008 , March 27 ) .
" An important policy the government had adopted is " Supporting Lifelong Employability " .
This process has always been seen indispensable as part of the country 's economical growth in the manufacturing sector .
Last but not least , Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) has high efficiency in term of electricity and power generation.TS According to Nuclear Engineering and Design ( 2007 ) , Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) promises to have high thermal efficiencies of approximately 45 % , which can generate about 1,700 MWe of thermal energy per hour .
This is an alarming issue as a vicious circle may get worsen .
2006-02
More research show that about 97 % of older American are benefiting from healthcare system through health insurance like Medicare .
Once again , this could be resolved by the " Meltdown " Proof mentioned earlier .
Hence , we can not simply turn a blind eye to the needs of the elderly .
According to Taipei Times newspaper , it was claimed that the sexual assault parolees should wear the RFID tags in order to trace their whereabouts ( Chang , 2006 ) .
Helium is a noble gas and will not react with other materials even at high temperature which makes the model safer ( Butler,D .
Although now the people who strive for our country are aging and could hardly contribute to the country , still , we should always remember their contributions and take good care of them when they need help .
In addition , it acts as a safety net to dramatically reduce the need for elder dependency .
Retrieved September 7th 2009 , from { http : //www.littlespeck.com/content/people/CTrendsPeople-070304.htm } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.littlespeck.com/content/people/CTrendsPeople-070304.htm ]
Moreover , the country would also be more prepared in case of a pandemic such as the H1N1 virus .
This essay will focus on two examples of these two environments respectively and analyze the differences and similarities of these two different environments .
They constitute an important component of a society 's human resources .
Technology such as in surveillance had been an integral part of mankind 's progress in the past , and it will continue to play a vital role in the 21st century .
However , it is clear that these inventions are not produced overnight and human beings had put in a lot of time and efforts***effort to develop and generate them .
This figure is expected to increase as more elderly age reaching 65 years old .
10 Tomita M. R. ( 2006 ) .
From this comparison , it shows that the dignity of children is being affected by the usage of RFID to track them .
According to Gerald and George ( 2006 ) , the by-product , plutonium is difficult to be used as materials for making of nuclear weapons , and the nuclear technology in near future allows the plutonium to be unsuitable for making nuclear weapons .
Time is often wasted in the administrative part of the process .
What is the most important is that longer working lives give elder people opportunities to accumulate wealth for later lives , making them less vulnerable to the changes of outer aids .
Behind every mistake , there is a psychology leading to the mistake , and there is another psychology which could have been used to correct it .
Even if there is recycling of waste convectional reprocessing does not generate weapon grade plutonium and chemical***chemicals could be use to spike the plutonium to make it too hot to steal or transport .
William Magwood ( 2004 ) , chairman of GIF 's board , predicts that no more than three of these six concepts will become research prototypes and be put into practice .
However , by reducing the share of public merely means leaving the families to be responsible for a larger share ( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) .
Current psychological researchers claimed that there are several pillars of being a healthy individual .
First , the situation of education in China is a problem for innovation .
Thanks to the many inventors , researchers , developers and governmental agencies that have helped to make these products available to the general public .
Vol .
Therefore , there will never be a situation where funds should be restricted to just one area .
Many would agree that the*** sophisticated surveillance technology has indeed been beneficial in the security arena especially after the September 11th incident and government***governments has since then diverts their attention to tracking potential terrorists instead of tracking explosive devices or substances .
However , more emphasis should be placed on the development of social policy helping to alleviate and address concerns such as the lack of financial support and social care , as it affects the elderly more directly .
When one grows old , his body will be going through adjustments and soon , he will not be as fast or agile as he was before .
In the 21st century , new desires , as well as new problems have emerged , such as environment pollution , bionics , exploration of outer-space and so on .
Firstly , despite the safety of Generation IV nuclear reactor , MSR , one can never forget the devastating Chernobyl incident in April 1986 .
S. H. Lee ( 2009 ) In South Korea , Retirement Can Be Elusive
If the individual does not have the final say in revealing the test results of a positive genetic disorder , there will be a breach of patient confidentiality when the individual has earlier on requested not to reveal the results and may cause even further distraught and strain within the family , even if the individual will reveal to the loved ones at a later timing .
Successive warm winter for a period of time created severe ice shortages leading to an unprecedented demand for new methods .
Studies have shown that the primary reason accounting for the unwillingness to communicate genetic test results to a relative is that the relative 's opinion , attitude and reaction is unknown ( Barsevick , Montgomery , Ruth , Ross , Egleston , Bingler , Malick , Miller , Cescon , & Daly , 2008 ) .
Besides economic factors , government regulations and laws also played a part in shaping the electric vehicles .
In addition , it could also be dreadful where they are those who are not well equipped with education or skills to work and who really needs the country 's help .
Council for Responsible Genetics ( CRG ) .
What do they looking for ?
During the Cold War period , the world politics was divided between democracy and communism .
Butler , D. ( 2004 , May 20 ) .
( 2005 ) .
Breast cancer : how your mind can help your body [ Internet ] [ cited 2009 Oct 28 ] .
According to Declan Butler ( 2004 ) , the Molten Salt Reactor system mainly uses fluoride salts , which also belong to heat-and corrosion-resistant materials , as coolant , which can operate for a very long time and also be safe and reliable .
In fact , the research of solar energy can be traced back to the year of 1900 .
In conclusion , although each uptick in protection will typically come at the cost of more intrusion into the privacy of ordinary people , surveillance technology has come up with the best possible inventions to assure that this trade-off will be worth it .
In conclusion , GM foods have not been fully developed until now .
Public spending should also be limited because areas like R&D need more of such funds to ensure constant progress of the nation .
The jet engine will not be invented at all as people then do not see the need for plane***planes to travel so fast .
Dementia Research Centre- Queen Square , London .
Any expenditure outside the boundaries set by the government should be deemed unnecessary .
Even so , many still think that psychology may not come in handy to prevent accidents from happening , especially when it is technical faults .
Using more nuclear energy and less carbon-generated energy to produce electrical energy could mean a significant decrease in greenhouse gases and a cleaner earth to live in .
( cited from { https : //www.babybonus.gov.sg/bbss/html/faq.html } [ HYPERLINK : https : //www.babybonus.gov.sg/bbss/html/faq.html ] , retrieved on September 10 , 2009 ) Similarly , the Australia 's baby bonus pays their citizens with AUD $ 5,185 per eligible child in 13 fortnightly instalments , as of 1 July 2009 .
Retrieved from http : //www.ucsusa.org/assets/documents/nuclear_power/nuclear-economics-fact-sheet.pdf
[ 1 ]
The first car invented by Carl .
Among several public spending on the aged , such as medical subsidies , public infrastructure , pension schemes , and financial aids , healthcare must be considered the most important sector .
By limiting public spending on the aged , the government can focus on other developments such as economy .
They are the volunteers , old folks home , daycare centers , and hospital for the elderly with chronic illness and many more .
Since there is economic growth , government would have more resources and hence require less taxes , as a consequence a family would be able to increase its spending on its older members .
In reality , there is no need for reactors to work on 1000 degree Celsius , because the chain reaction of the fuel ( in this case Uranium-233 's reaction ) can be done perfectly only within 850 degrees ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Coleman , Replacement Migration , or Why Everyone if Going to Have to Live in Korea : A Fable for our Times from the United Nations , Philosophical Transactions : Biological Sciences , Vol .
Also considering that the elderly had contributed to society during their working years , there is a moral responsibility on the government to pay them back .
Not surprisingly , many detractors suggest that the main reason why Titanic sank was due to the fact that the terrain at which Titanic was sailing was poor .
Though Singapore sees an aging population as a potential risk it channels sufficient funds to the aged but at the same time focusing on other areas of development as well .
Advantage of Nuclear Power .
Nevertheless , critics will point to the unavailability of technology to develop materials , such as the corrosive-resistant core structure that will be able to withstand SCWR conditions ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , n.d. ) , resulting in the large amount of investments required to be pumped into the research of such materials .
IAEA .
Therefore , maintaining a healthy lifestyle , saving up for the future and contribute monthly to their CPF account assist thecitizen***citizens for in a better retirement and lower their economic burden .
Example of it is the latest medical device called the IVDD machine ( Intervetebral Disc Decompression Therapy ) .
Alternatively , limited public spending may not be ideal .
However , RFID is in fact not as ideal as they think .
James , M. N. ( 2009 ) .
Moreover uranium is limited in supply and not as abundant as Thorium .
Thus , government financing on such new ventures is essential for its survival .
The thermal efficiency is the most important element of VHTR compare to other technologies .
Breast cancer in your sister increases risk .
As mentioned in " Global action on aging " website that the number of senior citizens are rising and the action for this should be taken , it is obvious that increasing number of elder people and taking care of them has been necessary to be considered .
An urgent problem confronting us nowadays is that most of the fossil fuels that are widely used will be exhausted in decades or few centuries .
Topic : The individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing
Karen Norrgard , Ph.D. ( 2008 ) .
However , with increasing industrial demands , oil reserves are at depressed levels ; so it 's highly likely that we will have to seek solution in nuclear technology in the near future .
Under the retirement act ( 1999 ) , the Ministry of Manpower , Singapore raised the retirement age for elderly from 60 to 62 .
First and foremost , He have to tell his prospective spouse or fiancee about his genetic testing result because ; some people who have abnormal gene***genes inherited by their parent***parents wo n't have observable symptoms of a the disease but will have a 50 : 50 chance of inheriting the disease to their children ( Genetic Testing , 2007 ) .
Retrieved September 12 , 2009 , from http : //www.nature.com/scitable/topicpage/Ethics-of-Genetic-Testing-Medical- Insurance-and-651
The dominating population in countries that are experiencing growing aging population is the elderly citizens because the demographic trends change had led rapid increment of the seniors rather than the young ones .
Hence , ageing population is least to be agreed as an abstract matter .
They are all feeble and vulnerable people .
They believed that many countries have increased unnecessary surveillance on the pretext of monitoring the terrorists ( Stanley and Steinhardt 2003 ) .
The Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory 's ( INEEL ) Nuclear Energy : Powering the Future .
Secondly , RFID infringes one 's privacy in the process of tracking the various information associated with that person ( Ahson , 2007a ) .
At present 7 % of Singapore 's population is over the age of 65 ; however , by 2030 this will increase to 19 % ( Inter-Ministerial Committee on Aging Report 1999 ) .This is especially so for developed countries where people are living longer and are less willing to give birth due to the high costs of living .
Furthermore , it is reported that if oil continues to be used , the energy demand from US transport alone will cause the nation 's oil imports to soar by 78 % by 2025 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
He may no longer be considered a worthwhile investment and be passed over during team selections and such .
Being the lightest element of all , Hydrogen is capable of producing the highest ratio of energy-to-mass ratio ( Schlapbach , 2009 ) .
( 2009 , august 6 ) .carbon-eating " green " cement wins funds for UK firm .
For the example of Singapore , we have always believed that National Service is important in keeping our country stability .
Therefore , the low risk means a low rewarding .
However , the plant is not an ideal plant for that environment .
Therefore , solar energy being a clean and renewable source of energy will definitely build up its popularity as an uprising source that can be used to produce electricity .
4 .
However , medical advances have made in-vitro fertilisation possible nowadays .
The Joint Comission ( 2006 , January ) .
Some may point out that there are increasingly more people attaining higher level of education hence they are able to afford the increasingly expensive healthcare services .
The safety characteristics of a helium-cooled , graphite-moderated core are taken by VHTR .
And it also does n't lead to problems of plutonium fuel as it serves as an incinerator which burns away the wastes .
In addition , a prosperous economy will leads to the increase of affluences .
It is not just simply a dam , but also a reservoir , and it serves as a tourist 's attraction for leisure and sports .
Secondly , the engineering education is not focusing so much on innovation but memorizing .
Furthermore , it is recently announced that the government is spending millions to encourage more people to upgrade or learn new skills by building training centres and providing training programmes ( Channel News Asia , 2009 ) .
Society might treat the person differently or even deny basic rights to equal job opportunities , income , education , mental well-being , housing status , health , and medical treatment .
Therefore , with great foresight and careful planning , the governments could better prepare themselves for the up surging numbers of aging population by implementing the right policies and investing in the areas of country 's development that will benefit both the aged population and the general society .
The major reason of the up rise of vending machine is due to the rising wage cost during 1880s .
At the same time , unemployment issues can be reduced by creating more relevant job opportunities through foreign investments and entrepreneurship .
There is an invisible link .
As such , the discussion shall pertain to the application of psychology on three of the organization levels of the architecture firm with the aim of preventing the accident .
If a genetic disorder runs in my family , what are the chances that my children will have the condition ? .
Alternative forms of energy have to be developed to solve this issue .
Actually , after Henry Ford 's Model T automobile was invented , cars just gradually become a vehicle that can be adopted by people .
References :
Elder is encouraged to work longer to accumulate more wealth which could be used to support themselves .
Although the two technologies are created in a very different approach , both have to undergo the innovation-development process where the final product can be marketed .
He thought that disastrous consequences could be avoided or at least minimized with the help of psychological education , and if psychological aids were provided through out the whole engineering progress , during item processing , structure designing , team managing , and even decision making , the Chernobyl disaster could be essentially avoided .
First is that the funding for the development of SCWR can be channeled to more pressing issues like eliminating poverty and food shortage .
There was an overwhelming result when job placements rose from around 30,000 in 2004 to more than 83,000 in 2006 and 196,000 in the first half of this year .
Some critics argue that limitation to public spending on aged will become a financial burden to low-income families .
However , these days fewer and fewer nuclear reactors are planned to be built for the reason of public opposition .
Lewan , T. ( 2007 , July 23 ) .
Besides that , nuclear power plants are safer than coal mines due to the reason that designers and engineers use the high-tech in building nuclear power plant and there are strict rules of operation .
Beaches and parks also provide an avenue for the aged to keep fit and stay healthy , cutting down unnecessary healthcare costs arising when one grows old .
These figures are predicted to increase remarkably by 2050 .
Thus , for new problems defined , the factor of it being environmentally friendly can be factored in .
In conclusion , the decision whether to limit public spending for the aged in order to divert it into other areas is a very debatable issue .
This surveillance technology equipments are installed in buses , common places or schools and with the constant video monitoring , detailed evidence of any suspicious movement or criminal activity can be assessed .
Butler , D. ( 2009 , May 20 ) .
Thus , the danger coefficient is greatly reduced .
The safety was also a main concern in this technological innovation .
Four men were immediately killed .
Gen II and III reactors produce high level radioactive wastes at a rate of 12000 tons per year around the globe .
The reason why this factory gets so little is that the design belongs to that Japanese company .
As becoming older , many people are likely to suffer from some kind of sensory impairment as statistic shown : 28 % of people aged 65 + have difficulties with their eyesight , 55 % of people aged 60 + are deaf or hard of hearing [ 6 ] .
These policies can both limit the money spent on the elderly and ensure the living standard of its people .
In conclusion , the effects of surveillance technology surrounding us are based on both major and minor premises , which are privacy and right of freedom of individuals , as well as the psychological condition .
Given the land constraints , it is definitely a costly as well as non-feasible innovation and only time will tell if this technology can be upgraded into something that can be fitted into a society like Singapore .
In contrast , penicillin is a serendipitous discovery .
Coupled Hybrid Monte Carlo - Deterministic Analysis of VHTR Configurations with Advanced Actinide Fuels .
To put it in better words , it was to reduce the size of incisions and to forego the need to crack bones or rib cages .
( 2009 ) .
Besides that , there is a passive cooling system which includes passively cooled dump tanks that will perform emergency cooling and shutdown in any emergency conditions ( Forsberg , C.F , June2006 , p.4 ) .
The main reason for this is because of the investment , consideration and decision made by the corporations involved in this project .
Nonetheless , some countries are exclusively independent without relying upon immigration to sustain population growth .
On the other hand , with the concern of the natural resources shortage , more and more people are in favour of the nuclear energy because it kindles the hope of solving energy crisis .
We can see that the speed of development of cars is very amazing .
Besides , notwithstanding the agreement upon restrictions on public expenditures on old populations , governments still have to provide necessary supports .
They are functional analysis , ergonomics , safety analysis and market analysis .
Thus , it is important to keep improving our current research on technological inventions and government policies on architecture that have helped to ease the ageing process , as the benefits are definitely worth the cost .
( n.d. ) .
Therefore it is encouraged to reveal the result***results of genetic testing , especially to your relatives .
Technology and innovation is the soul of a nation 's development .
Retirement Age , Raising of .
As engineering psychology applied more and more deeply through design processes , it must make the production , especially the highly complex socio-technical systems with hazard characteristics , safer than before .
Retrieved October 1,2009 , from { http : //www.ece.cmu.edu/ ~ koopman/des_s99/human/ } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.ece.cmu.edu/ ~ koopman/des_s99/human/ ]
Vehicle Safety : Technologies , Challenges , and Research and Development Expenditures for Advanced Air Bags .
Thus , even though nuclear power can not perform for a long time like other renewable powers , but it is the best performing power that we can rely on now for its efficiency per land area and cost .
As 16.5 % of Kosovo 's population in the agriculture sector indicating that the locals are mainly of low education level ( CIA , 2009 ) .
) As a result , aging population has been one of the focuses in recent years .
One crucial is problem the increase in government expenditure for the aging population which in turn strains the future working population .
Statistics Singapore ( 2009 ) .
However , if we take into account of the set up cost of the nuclear plants , which are more high-tech than coal plants , they are definitely much more expensive .
Great Valley Publishing Co. , Inc .
Aware of this , many nations have taken actions to deal with the impact on many facets : economic , healthcare and technology .
First of all , the government related issues will affect the engineering design process .
In another word , if one was tagged , he risked being permanently marked for life due to the difficulty of removing the chip .
In order to do so , there is a need to boost the exterior packaging of a material so that the material is able to prevent destructive gases from passing through it and at the same time minimize the use of the material during production .
It is because the heat efficiency in current nuclear plants is only 1 % , which means 99 % of the energy generated by nuclear plants is wasted4 , but Scientists have already found out ways to increase the heat efficiency .
There is a growing concern to rein in public spending on the aged as its continual increase can become a threat to a nation 's economy which in turn can affect its survival .
So , what if people do not get married ?
Scientists have shown that if the RFID is implanted in the human body , it will interfere with the hospital equipment [ Anonymous , 2008 ] , hence handicapping the doctors in their treatment for the patients .
Reference :
As a good solution towards green house effect , we expect to see a bright future of nuclear power technology and it will be adopt in more countries in next few decades .
In conclusion , a carrier of genetic disorder must be obligated to reveal the genetic testing results to his relatives .
There were mixed reviews concerning the safety of TaTa 's Nano among car dealers .
Retrieved October 13 , 2009 , from : http : //me1065.wikidot.com/generation-iv-nuclear-reactor-comparisons
& Wider H. ( 2005 ) , COMPARISON OF SODIUM AND LEAD-COOLED FAST REACTORS REGARDING SEVERE SAFETY AND ECONOMICAL ISSUES ,13th International Conference on Nuclear Engineering in Beijing , China .
It can bring great economic benefit .
[ 9 ] This technology benefits the elderly by obtaining minimal help from the care givers to feed them and allowing them to gain confidence in living an independent life .
Money could be diverted to the tourism industry where it plays a key role in contributing to the country 's income .
Committee of Inquiry Concludes String of Critical Design Errors Caused Collapse at Nicoll Highway .
The first point needed to be clarified is how limited the government funding on the elderly should be and what will happen if the expenditures are under the agreed limit .
( 2008 , January 18 ) .
In conclusion , it seems that we are still not ready for an increasing old age population yet .
In such situation , the appearance of nuclear energy becomes so important , for the nuclear power has great advantages over other conventional energies .
Another significant improvement is the appearance of electronic dictronary .
Every working Singaporeans***Singaporean with a minimal income of five hundred dollars will have to make contributions to the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
Unlike the past , nuclear reactors now come with equipments***equipment that prevent operational disturbances which will in turn develop into problems .
We do not even have to sweat to declare a war with a country .
Monahan , T .
In conclusion , healthcare services should not be neglected especially in countries , which face aging population .
In comparison with current nuclear plant technology , Generation IV nuclear technology brings us more benefits , according to the researchers .
New innovations contrived in skunkworks environment usually revolutionize the world and propel the company which invented it to new heights while that is not the case for conventional technology .
.
As the world develops , progresses in medical science as well as other fields have enabled the human race to make suitable changes .
Firstly , genetic testing protects an individual 's right to confidentiality .
Eschede train disaster .
It requires highly advanced science and technology , and of course , it is very costly .
Retrieved October 14 , 2009 , from National University Singapore E-library .
( Kennedy and Valter , 2006 ) .
With an aging population , the government has to direct more resources to take care of the needs of the elderly in areas such as medical care .
Darlow Smithson Productions ( 2000 ) Seconds from Disaster Season 1 , National Geographic
Retrieved September 5th , 2009 , from World Food Programme Fighting Hunger Worldwide website : { http : //www.wfp.org/wfp-numbers } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.wfp.org/wfp-numbers ]
In addition , as described in Nuclear Power 's New Dawn , all the wastes and byproducts created by the generation IV reactor can be recycled to minimize its damage to both mankind and the environment , and the very-high-temperature reactor is even designed to achieve the goal of zero-emission !
Israeli research finds common antibiotic can repair genetic diseases .
People who are tagged may face problems ranging from mental and physical discomfort to identity loss .
Xega , a security firm , offered RFID implantation to help in locating kidnap victims and it had been to proven to be successful as the business in booming ( Rosenberg , 2008 ) .
Firstly , economics have helped eased the aging process .
216-229 ) .
For example in 2005 , a Chicago Bulls basketball player named Eddy Curry was sold to the New York Knicks because he refused to take a genetic test to check if he was predisposed to a heart ailment ( Harmon , 2008 , Caught in a Bind , para 8 ) .
In 2009 Indian Wells Tennis Masters , Hawk-eye system made a mistake in the quarter-final .
From { http : //www.cato.org/pub_display.php ? pub_id = 9272 } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.cato.org/pub_display.php ? pub_id = 9272 ]
However , according to Butler ( 2004 ) , VHTR does not reprocess nuclear waste .
The opponents always argue that the cost of the nuclear reactor is so high that it is not worth to be built .
They will have to follow their company rules while their leaders support them financially .
Another contributing factor of the success of invention will be the buying power of consumer , which very much depends on the economic situation then .
