Every modern society is built around the idea of a central authority, be it a single person or a body of people, making the decisions and implementing the laws. However, despite the need for authority in order for modern society to function, we also have a need to question that authority in order for society to progress. Moreover, even the most progressive authorities need oversite. Afterall, what is authority, but simply normal (and not infallible) people with power.

	Looking back over modern history, it would be a different world had people never questioned authority. The United States and America was built by a group of people who questioned the British authority and started a revolution. Had George Washington and Benjamin Franklin never pointed out the flaws in the British Monarchy's rule of the colonies, this country would not exist. The United States is just one example of the many countries whose people rose up to question the central authority and, in turn, built the modern world- a world built around democratic freedom. And as the modern world moves forward, it is the people who must keep their governments in line to prevent corruption.

	Furthermore, questioning authority is not just needed in overturning outdated powers. Sometimes it is a simple policy or law which needs to be questioned in order to be changed. Martin Luther King Jr. is perhaps one of the most famous 'questioners' in American history. He was challenging the authority when he questioned America's policies regarding African Americans. But it wasn't just one man who changed America. It was the hundreds and thousands who rose up around him. It was the many who questioned whether blacks and whites were really that different.

	While in some, the idea of people questioning authority may provoke trepidation and bring a sense of anarchy, this is not necessarily the case. There is a major difference between questioning society and violently opposing authority. As many people, like Martin Luther King Jr. and Ghandi have shown throughout history, questioning the authority does not need to be aggressive. A group of people can look critically at the laws, pointing out there flaws, without becoming lawless. In the end, it is only through questioning authority and the status quo, that society is able to mend itself and progress when needed.