In today's society, criticism of authority seems a commonplace and unremarkable. American media makes good money from its judgment, criticism, and evaluation of authority figures in government and in the economy. In the American political system voters have begun to cultivate a particular breed of paranoia in regards to authority, specifically government, and there are increasing public calls to distrust and to limit government intervention in citizens' daily lives. This public criticism of authority has become so visible and bitter that some media figures have criticized the critics themselves. This was the case in 2011 when well-known media commentators and comedians Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert organized a rally in New York city specifically to criticize the dramatic partisan posturing of the majority of media outlets. 
	While it may seem that the constant questioning of authority figures seems excessive in today's democracy, it is important to note that the general idea that questioning authority augments society's well-being is a crucial specifically in places where such criticism is not allowed. Public questioning of authority has benefitted American society numerous times in the past. In the American industrial Golden Age, when food and safety regulations were ignored or nonexistent, it was private citizens  known as "muckrakers" who affected changes by reporting and questioning government and private authority. Upton Sinclair's book, "the Jungle," criticizing the meatpacking industry directly lead to investigations and reforms in food production. The Food and Drug Administration, which has undoubtedly improved food quality and standard of living, owes a heavy debt to the large number of people who questioned these government practices and industries. 
	In other governments, which do not have a governmental clear process for citizens to affect change in government, public criticism of authority is sometimes the most affective tool for those who wish to bring about change. In the Soviet Union, such public criticism was dangerous because of the strict censorship regulations. However, in the 1980's when the Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev lifted strict censorship regulations (in a policy known as glastnost, or openness), public criticism began to flood in from common citizens who had long been disenfranchised under the authoritarian governments of Stalin, Kruschev, Breshnev, Cherenko, and Andropov. This public criticism of corrupt authority figures, wasteful and illogical soviet economic practices, and oppressive government policies lead to substatial reforms within the Soviet government and, ultimately, had a massive effect on the decomposition of the Soviet empire and the bottom-up freedom movements in areas formerly part of the Soviet sphere. One example of this grassroots-style revolution which grew out of examination of authority practices is Solidarity in Poland, originally lead by Lech Walesca. Criticism of authority became the citizens' most effective tool in lieu of true democratic process. Ultimately, it was the widespread questioning of authority that lead to more open and involved societies in these countries. 
	Unfortunately, the reverse of this corrollary is true. Russia has become less free in the last few years due to suppression and censorship in the media, coupled with the slow dissesembling of the democratic process by Vladimir Putin's government. Questioning authority, whether it results into shrill media-based attacks or recurring paranoia, is still necessary and good in order to stimulate  widespread public dialogue and continue to hold authority figures accoutable for their actions in order to ensure the well-being of society.