The assertion stated that when many people question authority the general well-being of a society can be enhanced. I fundamentally agree with the assertion insofar the methods of the questioning is peaceful and the the questioning is based on the welfare of the whole society. I would demonstrate my point of view from different realms and areas as follows.

In the realm of education, it has been accepted that critical thinking is a valuable quality which needs to be instilled into each individual during the education process. Students should not be treated like sauage animate in which teachers stuff education into it, instead, they are actually oysters who need the enlightening from the educators to discover the aboundant precious knowlege and wisdom inside of themselves. In the process of learning, students who merely absorb what is taught to them cannot fully understand the knowledge, let alone apply the knowlege into real life. Besides, learning to challenge what is imparted to them, that is, the spirit of skeptism is pivotal in their later life. After all, life is teemed with all kinds of challenges and possibilities and there are so many problems without a definite answer to it. Only by analyzing the situation throughly and comprehensively can one get the appropriate solution to the problems. In short, critical thinking and the courage to question what is taught is essential to the development of the students.

Concerning the realm of politics, there are aboundant examples which examplify the spirit of challenging authority in the course of history. For example, Nelson Mandala devoted most of his energies and effort toward the equality among the black people in South Africa. He did his best to gain most rights and benefits for the blak people. Consequently, his spirit spreaded widely which provoked people all over the world to fight for their own fates. Generally speaking, it is through the inspection from the general public that our government officials determine what is best for the overall wellfare of the society in democratic countries. Government officials, who are servants to its people, need to be questioned by the general public to change their direction in leading and planning, thus ensuring the favorable direction of the whole country.

When it comes to the realm of science and technology, all new theories are born through challenging the authorities. Such as the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, which challenged the old belief that protein was the central genetic material. Similarly, the relativism theory and Darwin theory are outcome of questioning authorities. It is through such questioning process that we can embrace so many technical advances and scientific progresses which improve our life dramatically.

Admittedly, not all questioning does more good than harm to our society. When we are intended to question or challenge the authority, what we need to make sure first if whether our questioning is based our selfish desires or the genral welfare of the sociey. Similarly, it is the responsibility of the authority to distinguish between good suggestions from harmful ones.

In conclusion, I agree with the assertion wholeheartedly that the well-being of the society is enhanced when many people question authority. Without the endless questionings from scientists, thinkers, and the general public, no profound progress can beget.