It has been said that sleep produces success. While there is some truth to this statement, there are also aspects that need to have further questioned before it can become a fact. Not every person sleeps the same way nor do they all need the same amount of sleep. Sleep is also not the only thing that attributes to success. There are many other factors that play a role in the success of a person.
	
	The first question that needs to be addressed is what is the average amount of sleep a person feels they need to be able to be successful. Knowing this question will provide a baseline for what people feel they need themselves in the amount of sleep. The next question, related to the previous, is was that person getting the amount of sleep when the study was being done. If the study is being done and these two questions are not taken into consideration, the study can be false. The amount of sleep needed and the amount of sleep that a person actually gets are two different things. The result of these questions could skew the results of the study. 

	A third question also needs to be asked. How much stress was the person under? Stress can do a lot of things biologically to the body. Stress interrupts sleeping cycles and produces fits of wakefulness. Stress also does harm to the body and can make the person not feel good. When a person does not feel good, they do not sleep well either. Knowing the amount of stress a person is under needs to be taken into consideration in order for the results of the study to be more accurate. 

	The last question is about how the firm works as a team. If there is only one person who really does their job and the other employees do not, then the success rate is going to be lower than a firm that has a whole team who work together and all do their job. The executives can only do so much for their team but, they have to rely on their whole team to do their job in order to be successful. 

	The study can only be validated only after all these questions have been answered. There are many factors that play a role in success and sleep that basing it just off the amount of sleep the executive needs is not a true representation of what is going on within the lives of the advertising executives.