It is important that people get a good night's sleep as it will help them to rest and re-energize for the next day. We are often told that sleeping for at least 7 or 8 hours is needed for a proper health and brain function. However, not everyone follows that since people might have different sleeping schedules or even the number of hours they need for rest. Reading the study that was done from the article, I would have to say that the results are not reasonable enough to be justified. 
This is because it was only done with 300 male and female executives, which is not a large sample and another reason is because the of the hours of sleep needed to have a successful firm is only one factor, not just the absolute.
	With  just 300 male and female executives in the study, the sample is just too small to consider that a firm will be successful with the hours of sleep they needed. According to the article, it states that "Of the advertising firms studied, those whose executives reported needing no more than six hours of sleep per night had higher profit margins and faster growth". This doesn't tell us how many of the executives actually slept no more than 6 hours. It could be half of them, quarter of them, we don't know but the article does not state the actual numbers. If the study was done with a bigger sample, let's say 10,000 or so, and pointed out how many among them did show a correlation of the hours slept vs. success of firms, then it would be a reasonable argument. This leads to my second reason why this argument is not valid.
	It seems to me that the overall message of the study is that if people don't get enough hours of sleep, then there will be a decrease in profit margins, growth, and overall success. In my opinion, the number of hours slept is just one of the factors. There are people who have different sleeping schedules. Some of them might be people who are accustomed to normal schedule of getting 6 or more hours of sleep. Some of them might be people who prefer to stay up during the nights and don't need the sleep as much. Not to mention, the lifestyles people might have. The study doesn't talk about if these executives exercised regularly or the kind of diet they were on.